Integrating with browserstack-sdk (#14)
browserstack/python-appium-app-browserstack: README.md

**2. Configure and run your first test**

Open `Android` or `iOS` folder :

> - If you have uploaded your own app, update the app in the `browserstack.yml`

Reviewer: Should also add that user can use the path to app directly in the yml file

Author: added

> - If you have uploaded your own app, update the app id or directly upload the path to your app in the `browserstack.yml` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have uploaded your app then add the app id to the `browserstack.yml` config file, or you can directly specify the path to your app in the `browserstack.yml` file.
```

Author: done

**2. Configure and run your local test**

Open `Android` or `iOS` folder :

> - Ensure that `local` capability is set to `true` in the `browserstack.yml` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that `browserstackLocal` capability is set to `true` in the `browserstack.yml` file
```

Author: resolved

> - If you have uploaded your own app, update the app in the `browserstack.yml`

Reviewer 2: update the `app` capabiliity/property

Author: done
